dedupe: add --dedupeConcurrent to be able to dedupe concurrent crawls (#1065)
webrecorder/browsertrix-crawler: docs/docs/develop/dedupe.md

- `allhashes`: `{[hash]: [crawlid]}` - The main merged index. For each hash in `h:${crawlid}`, an entry is added mapping `hash` to the `crawlid`, indicating the hash is found in this crawl. The full data from `h:${crawlid}` is not copied to save space.

- `allcounts`: A sum of all the `h:${crawlid}:counts` for all crawl ids in `allcrawls`. The `allcounts` fields are incremented by each new `h:${crawlid}:counts`.

> - `allcanceled`: Use with concurrent crawls only to store crawl ids of crawls that were cancelled or have failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `allcanceled`: Used with concurrent crawls only to store crawl ids of crawls that were cancelled or have failed
```

> while being deduped. If this key exists, indicates there may be data missing, if it has not been re-crawled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while being deduped. If this key exists, it indicates there may be data missing, if it has not been re-crawled.
```

Committing the crawl may take a long time, depending on the size of the crawl. For this reason, the indexer entrypoint
includes a dedicated command to commit a single crawl, `indexer --commitCrawlId <crawlid>`.

### Concurrent Crawl Support

If running with `--dedupeConcurrent`, each new hash is automatically committed to `allhashes` and `allcounts` is updated

> for every new hash. If a concurrent crawl is canceled, it is additionally tracked in `allcanceled` to indicate that it

Author: ```suggestion
for every new hash. If a concurrent crawl is canceled, the crawl is also added to `allcanceled` to indicate that it
```

> needs to be included in the remove crawl count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs to be included in the removed crawl count.
```

I think this could use a little additional information, it's not immediately clear to me what is tracked in `allcanceled` (the hashes? the crawl?), or what the removed crawl count being referred to here is.

Author: Updated the docs to indicate `allcanceled` contains list of crawl ids that were cancelled in concurrent mode. If this key exists, there's possibility of data missing somewhere. A full purge should be able to determine if that's true or not (and reset this field)

Reviewer: Thanks!
